we are now living in a world of
alternative facts the president makes
statements almost every day that aren't
necessarily based in truth which is
frustrating to some people and confusing
to others especially young people you
know we're raised to believe that the
president tells the truth but that isn't
necessarily the case anymore and so to
bring children up to date on the new
American Way we took a you from
Schoolhouse Rock your murder School
House Rock and hopefully this will
explain how it all works now White House
oh cool but I wonder with that sad
looking fellow over there is me I'm
alive
Oh alive like when you don't tell the
truth I don't understand let me try to
explain a little I guess I'm on the line
I'm so untrue I just want to cry well I
just pop down to the prison and brain is
the very idea of me completely insane
but someday I'm gonna be a fact oh
I'll try and I try but today I am still
just online if your life what do you
want people to think your truth
you see kid I make the president feel
good about himself and sometimes I can
even have him sell this policy to voters
Wow your sounds really important yeah
but not unless people believe me I'm
just a lie yes I'm only alive but I'm
gonna be a by and by see first the
scribbled as we get model every evening
they try to do for me all they do is
repeat me and across the internet I'll
try that
I'll spread far and wide but to say I am
still just a lie that's horrible
I know but real facts are so depressing
like take climate change if we believe
that we couldn't burn all that coal but
we shouldn't burn it
that's what you said you see not
everybody has to believe a lot only
enough to make me a debate I'm just a
line just a sweet little line and I'm
too believable to tonight
pretty soon I'm being debated all over
town
Kellyanne is spinning these boxes my
crown everybody gives the insides and
the truth will lay down and die cuz you
can't tell a fact from a lie and that's
how it works I think I'm gonna be sick
don't worry Chum care is gonna be great
I don't got oh hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever